# csce-146-algorithmic-design-2
This repository contains my projects from my CSCE-146 Algorithmic Design II class.
- WordHelper is a progam backend that will scan a text document for certain attributes such as consonants, and vowels.
- VectorArbiter is a program that lets users compute with vectors. Vectors can be added, subtracted, and their magnitude can be calculated in the program.
- PrizeGame is a program that samples a random collection of items and their respective prices, then has the user guess their collective value, either winning or losing after one guess.
- DoubleDoubleLL is the backend for a doubly-linked list of the type double. It is the backbone for a type of foundational, expandable, non-array based data structure. The code can be changed from double to integers easily, however, changing to other data types requires more changes.
- DatabaseSearch is a basic data search program that allows the search of a selected text file (verified for .txt), and will return the lines that match the search query. Additional functionality includes the ability to send the search result to a output file of your choice (or create a new one), and the use of '*' as a wild card character, as one would use it in a Linux terminal. Current configuration only allows search in a database that has two elements, such as a book title and an author's name, where the two elements are separated by a tab.
- ProcessSchedulerBackend is a program that processes a sequence of tasks or calculations utilizing queue functionality.
- CollisionDetection simulates the process of a object traveling through space and detects if it collides with objects at certain points. All is simulated in the terminal window with specific characters. The program takes in a "board" of a set size and only accepts specific commands, as defined by the program.
- TriangleFractal is a program that draws a triangle using polygons with the end goal of producing a Sierpenski's Triangle with a reference limit of 4. This serves as a practice implementation of method recursion in Java, with specifically defined ending conditions so that the program does not print more than it should onto the drawing canvas. 
- ReversePolishCalculator is a program backend that allows users to input a string, and if it is in reverse polish format, the program will calculate what the value is. In the event where dividing by zero or other error occurs, the program will notify the user that the inputted string is not the proper format. Additionally, the numbers being added must not be greater than 9, and must all be integers.
